1. What environment(s) should the software be able to run on?

CMPS majors desktop and laptop computers

2. Who will be the users of this system?

CMPS majors in 1044 – CMPS 3013 courses

3. Could you tell us a short story about how the user might be using this application?

A CMPS1063 student will launch the application and will browse for a folder a file with

source code in it. They will select options for the kind of language and type of testing

they want to do. Then the application will give them a list of test cases categorized by

type of testing for them to run their program on. It will allow them to enter the results

they expect into the table. It will also allow them to enter the results they get into the

grid or table. The app will compare their results with expected results (if possible). Then

indicate if their test case passed or failed.

4. Do you have a specific color scheme, or feel, in mind for the GUI?

No, just a GUI

5. What kind of GUI are you expecting, in terms of elements (buttons, text boxes, menus

and scrollbars, etc)?

Use dialog boxes to get project or file name

Check boxes to look for different things

A grid for test cases /w scroll bar

6. Do you want to the software to analyze/read source code at all or a specific program

requirements (formatted) document file?

Let’s start with source code this semester

7. If the software should analyze/read source code, what language should it be able to

read?

C++

8. Should it be able to analyze/read multiple languages? Which ones? The most important

ones?

Later on yes, C++, Java, Python, C# (Have the last 3 languages disabled in the

GUI control for now.

9. Should the system have any security measures? If so what kind?

No

10. What functions of the system are of the highest priority?

What kind of question is that to ask your customer? Determine what they are and then

I’ll prioritize

11. What kind of input or interaction is expected from the user?

Just browse for file and then make selections from checkboxes, combo box or

radiobuttons.

12. What is the output expected to look like or must include?

Expect a grid or a table of some sort

13. Is any other specific functionality expected or required of the program?

Huh?
